Man: Mr...
Mr...
Man two: Williams, sir.
Man: Let me get this correct.
You saw the victim
last night around...
[Williams sighs]
Williams: Midnight.
We don't want to be involved.
Madam, a woman was just killed.
We're going to see this
investigation through
whether you like it or not.
Now if you don't mind,
start from the beginning.
Williams, voice-over:
We actually didn't have
any plans to go anywhere
until last week.
This was a last-minute
trip for my anniversary.
Williams: Hey! Foul.
Williams, voice-over:
Thanks to my friend Carl.
Carl: You laying
bricks out here, man.
- You building a house?
- It was the wind.
The wind messed up
your layups, too?
- Heh.
- Ha ha ha!
Man, shoot the
ball, man. Come on.
Carl: You have a anniversary
coming up, right?
Williams: Heh. Can't
believe it's been 5 years.
So where you taking
here for your big 5?
I hope it's nice.
I don't know yet, man.
She loves Chinese.
- OK. Yes.
- So I was thinking maybe
a 5-star restaurant
like Mr. Chow's,
you know what I'm saying?
Come on, bro.
It's your big 5.
Listen. Me and Vivian, we
went to Italy last year.
It was amazing!
I don't like to
travel. You know that.
Mission still messing with you?
Those trips never
happened, Carl, right?
Carl: Past in the past.
Williams: Zena's actually
never left the country before.
Carl: What? Are you serious?
Look. I got one for you.
Oh! Here we go!
If you make it...
you can take Zena to
whatever Chinese restaurant
you want to take her to...
Jimmy Choo's, Gyu-Kaku...
- Mr. Chow's, man!
- Mr. Chow's. Mr. Chow's.
- Don't disrespect Mr. Chow, OK?
- Oh, all right, all right.
All right. Mr. Chow's,
but if you miss it,
you got to take her
somewhere exotic.
Sounds expensive. You paying?
Carl: Come on, bro. There's
a lot of good deals.
You could take her to Thailand,
Bali, the Philippines.
Philippines.
The Philippines.
- From right here?
- You can shoot from anywhere
because you been bricking,
so it doesn't matter.
You know, they used to
call me Floyd Jordan
in middle school, right?
Flaw Jordan.
Floyd, voice-over: I
was hesitant at first,
but the more I
thought about it...
the more it sounded
like a good idea.
After all, you only
live once, right?
[Tires squeal]
Zena: OK. The hotel
is 7 minutes away
from the airport.
Floyd: Yeah, but which way?
I don't know.
Kid: Hey! Hey!
Floyd: What's up? Man:
Your fist time in Cebu?
Zena: Yes, it's our first time.
Man: I take you
anywhere you want to go.
Less than taxi.
- You're not a taxi?
- Don't worry.
I will take care of you.
Where do you want to go?
I think we're fine.
Uh, Fantasy Lodge. How much?
Man: Yes, yes. 100
pesos. Good price.
That's less than two bucks.
You trust this kid?
You got a deal. Kid: Great!
The only problem is I
can't drive up here.
You have to walk
down to the street.
Airport policy.
The street?
Man: How tall are you?
Floyd: Like, 6'2.5".
Man: You play NBA.
Zena: Ha ha! He wish. Ha ha!
Man: Basketball
big in Philippines.
I play on very good team.
You play basketball?
Man: We have tournament
next Sunday at noon.
Play with us.
I'm always up for
a game of hoops.
Oh, no. I'm sorry.
We're not doing that
on this trip, right, Floyd?
Kid: OK. I understand,
sir. No problem.
Is this what we're riding in?
Kid: Hop on. Just a few
stops, and then Fantasy Lodge.
Zena: A few stops?
[Horns honk]
Just think of it
is as an Uber Pool.
Yeah. Oh. That's how you feel?
[Sighs]
Yo.
Mackeehan: ♪ I got the call
now, my baby can't wait ♪
♪ Turn up the style every day ♪
♪ I come ♪
♪ We're making a run, run, run ♪
Floyd, voice-over: Our trip
got off to a cool start.
We saved a little bit of money.
I mean, minus the
crowded transportation.
Mackeehan: ♪ I
come, come, come ♪
♪ To have some fun, fun ♪
Floyd, voice-over: But
after a long fight,
I think we appreciated
taking the scenic route.
It gave us a chance to
breathe and see the city
before we got to our hotel.
Chief, voice-over: Where
are you staying at?
Sorry. We kind of want
to remain anonymous.
We just need your address
so we can contact you
for more information, OK?
[Floyd sighs]
Fantasy Lodge.
Chief, voice-over: Room number.
Floyd, voice-over: 215.
Zena: Oh, my God.
Oh, my God! Aah! I love this!
Oh, this is so cute!
Floyd: Looked a
little bigger online.
Zena: No, no, no,
no. This is perfect.
It's perfect!
We're not gonna spend
much time in here anyway.
Floyd: Why'd I pay extra
for the honeymoon suite?
Ohh.
[Waves crashing]
- Here you go.
- Very good.
OK.
- This view is amazing.
- Mmm.
Yes, it is.
Ha! I was talking
about the beach.
I was talking about you.
Trying to butter me up?
- Is it working?
- Mm-hmm.
Mmm, mmm.
You want something in return?
Whatever happened to
a good, old-fashioned
compliment?
Hmm.
You sure?
You sure you don't
want anything?
I wasn't aware of my options.
Mia Grace: ♪ I been
all around the world ♪
♪ But my eyes they see
like tunnel vision ♪
♪ Like tunnel vision ♪
♪ Like why? ♪
Front door's open.
So's the balcony. Hmm.
Mia Grace: ♪ It'd be
sad without you in it ♪
♪ Without you in it ♪
♪ Like why? ♪
♪ I never really
cared about love ♪
♪ But my heart still feels
so numb without you ♪
♪ So numb without you ♪
♪ Like why? ♪
♪ Even though the
world's so large ♪
♪ It's even bigger when
I need to be beside you ♪
♪ Be right beside you ♪
♪ Like why? ♪
Floyd: Ha ha ha!
Mia Grace: ♪ I don't
care about the moon ♪
TripAdvisor said that
this is the best place
to eat around here.
Can't tell by the look of it.
I guess we seat ourselves.
- Right there.
- I think that's reserved.
How did they know
we were coming?
Best seat in the house.
Look at that view.
- Hello.
- Hi, sir. Hi, ma'am.
I'm so sorry, but
table is reserved.
Zena: Oh. Floyd:
Oh. We figured
that since there was
basically no one here
that we could sit wherever.
Waitress: Sorry.
You can't sit here.
Any other table is fine.
I'm just as confused as to why.
This is for a VIP, sir.
- Who is this VIP?
- Floyd, let's just move,
Man: I would be this VIP.
- Hello.
- So sorry, sir.
I tired to tell them.
It's all right, it's all right.
It's not a big deal.
Floyd: Hey, man. My bad.
We can... we can move.
Man: No, no, no, no. Don't.
Please, please, please.
Sit, sit. As long
as you don't mind us
sitting with you.
- It's your table.
- Heh heh.
Start them out.
Waitress: Can I get
something for you to drink?
Man: Let me guess... Mai Tai.
- How'd you know?
- Heh!
Popular island drink, but
if I might be so bold,
the Mestizo are to die for here.
Oh. Well, done.
I'll have a Mestizo.
Oh. I'll have a
shot of Hennessey.
Waitress: I'm sorry, sir,
but don't have Hennessey.
Man: Ha ha ha! Well,
that settles it then.
4 Mestizos, please,
and make sure
this goes on my tab.
Off you go.
Thank you.
Man: So what's the story?
Globetrotters I reckon.
Actually, this is my first
time out the country.
Are you serious?
Well, welcome to Cebu.
Where are you guys from?
- Los Angeles.
- Ah. L.A.
Not really a fan to
tell you the truth.
All that traffic.
Venice Beach. My God.
I've never seen so many
drug dealers in one place.
Floyd: Nobody from L.A.
goes to Venice Beach.
Man: And if you
give up your car,
you'll never be stuck in
the traffic. Ha ha ha!
Sorry. Uh, what's your name?
I'm sorry. I've been so rude.
I'm Kane.
Floyd.
This is my wife Zena.
Kane: Zena.
What a beautiful name?
Ha ha ha!
And I'm good at this. Wait.
Honeymoon.
- Anniversary.
- Aw!
I was close, though. So close.
Congratulations are
still in order, though.
Thanks.
And you are?
Kane: Oh, this is Nihla.
She doesn't speak
English, I'm afraid,
so you don't have to
pretend to be polite,
but, my God, she's
pretty to look at.
Hi, Nihla. Nice to meet you.
Kane: Heh heh heh.
So you're a regular here?
Kane: Same time every day.
This place has the best
pasta on the whole island.
Tell me have you ever had
that street food out there,
that balut?
Do yourself a favor. Don't.
It's disgusting.
Well, apart from that, though,
you guys picked a beautiful
spot for your anniversary.
Floyd: We plan to
see the whole city.
Well, of course you are
because you just happen
to be so lucky as to run
into the best tour guide
on the island.
You are not short
of confidence, huh?
Kane: I don't need to be.
We picked up this tourist guide.
It's a map from the, uh, hotel.
Kane: Ooh. Let me see.
Ha ha ha!
You look like a tourist,
Floyd. You want to avoid that.
You'll get charged 3 times
as much for everything.
You know what you guys need?
A trip on a boat, my boat.
Zena: You have a boat?
Kane: I sure do.
I have several.
My baby, my real
baby is my yacht,
but she's on the southside
of the island in Moalboal,
but I happen to
have a bangka boat
right here at the marina.
It's yours.
Floyd: Thanks for
the offer, man,
but we actually have plans.
We do?
You wanted to see the
Lapulapu statute, right?
Oh, we can do that anytime.
Kane: Right? Zena: Yeah.
Kane: Come on,
Floyd. Live a little.
You're on your anniversary.
What's... what's the
worst that could happen?
Come on, Floyd.
Kane: Oh, I see it.
He wants to say yes.
He wants to say it. I can
see it your eyes, Floyd!
You want to say it.
Zena, make him say it.
Zena: Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes.
Kane: Yes, yes,
yes, yes! Say it.
Floyd: Yes! Zena: Yeah!
Kane: Well, I'm gonna propose
a toast to new friends.
Floyd: To new friends.
Cheers!
Is this what you do every day?
Kane: Nope. Twice
a day. Ha ha ha!
I love the water, Floyd.
Fucking can't get enough of it.
It's part of the
reason I came here.
Floyd: Hmm.
I could get used to this.
You wouldn't.
That's the great
thing about it, Floyd.
It's fucking amazing every day.
I love it.
How long have you lived here?
I'm on a kind of, uh,
extended vacation.
You know? Stay here
as long as I want,
as long as I like
it, until I don't.
I don't blame you. Hmm.
Kane: That Zena there,
she's a beauty, Floyd.
Tough as nails,
as well, I'll bet.
Tougher.
Heh heh heh.
It takes a strong man to
keep a woman like that happy.
Heh heh heh. I'm just
messing with you.
Ha ha ha!
Floyd: What about Nihla?
How did you two meet,
being that she
doesn't speak English.
Right. Well, I picked
up some Cebuano
from my time on the island.
You pick up phrases
here or there.
It's enough.
Floyd: You must have
done well for yourself,
being able to
afford all of this.
Yeah, I did all right.
What exactly do you do?
Ha ha! Floyd, let's not
ruin a beautiful day
by talking about boring work.
Besides, it's
complicated, you know?
Zena: Hey, babe.
Check out the island.
It's beautiful.
Kane: Oh, yeah. Whoa, whoa.
This is where we stop!
Why here?
- See the island ahead of us?
- Yeah.
It's actually got a
military base on it.
A couple hundred more feet,
and we'd be in their waters.
Don't think anyone wants
to spend the afternoon
staring down the
barrel of an AR-15.
Yeah. Let's just stop here.
Good idea.
Floyd, voice-over: I'm
not gonna act like Kane
wasn't a little odd...
Kane: Mmm!
Floyd, voice-over: But
he seemed harmless.
You read my fucking
mind, gorgeous.
Floyd, voice-over: A rich man
with a young Filipino girlfriend
who doesn't speak English?
It's not necessarily uncommon.
[Cameron Lew and Ginger
Root's "Out of State" playing]
So when he invited
us to Kawasan Falls
early the next morning,
we decided to go,
but I should have
paid more attention.
Hey! Hey, hey, hey!
[Snaps]
Someone didn't enough
sleep last night.
It's the time zone.
Kane: Well, shake it off, Floyd.
Today we're rocking and rolling.
- We're with you.
- Yeah?
All right. Let's sing
the chorus together then.
I never heard of this song
before in my life, have you?
Zena: Uh-uh. Kane: Never
heard of this song?
What planet are you from?
Floyd: Earth. Where
are they from?
Uh, England, mate.
The cultural hub
of the universe.
Floyd: That explains it.
Zena: I don't know about that.
Kane: Ah. Oh, let me
give you an example.
Uh, perhaps you've
heard of a little band
called the Boatles...
oh... The Beatles.
Zena: Typical.
Floyd: I knew he
was gonna say that.
Kane: Ends all arguments.
All right. How about
the Rolling Stones then?
- They're from London?
- Damn right they are.
What about the Who, Radiohead?
Any of these sounding familiar?
What have you guys got?
Floyd: Our solo artists
trump your entire catalogue.
Kane: Uh... Floyd:
Michael Jackson,
Jimi Hendrix, James Brown.
Kane: Eric Clapton,
Elton John, David Bowie.
Zena: Bob Marley. Floyd: Hey!
Kane: No, no, no, no, no.
That doesn't count.
He's from Jamaica.
Floyd: It's close
enough. Kane: Clo...
- Tupac.
- Pfft!
Ha. Sorry. I don't think
all that hip-hop shit
is music at all actually.
What?
Kane: Oh, actually.
Let me liven this up.
We need something rousing.
Driver, that Bluetooth on?
Floyd: No, no, no.
You don't have to.
Kane: No, no, no.
No, no, no, no.
We're going there. Hold
on one sec, one sec.
Here we go.
This is gonna get your
blood... Your blood pumping.
♪ "Rule, Britannia" ♪
♪ "Britannia rules the waves ♪
♪ "Britons never, never,
never shall be slaves" ♪
Come on!
♪ "Rule, Britannia" ♪
♪ "Britannia rules the waves" ♪
♪ "Britons never, never,
never shall be slaves" ♪
Altogether now!
♪ "Rule, Britannia" ♪
♪ "Britannia rules the waves" ♪
♪ "Britons never, never,
never shall be slaves" ♪
[Music ends]
Floyd, voice-over:
You know how they say,
"Don't ride with strangers?"
Heh. I wish I would
have listened,
but they seemed cool, and
they knew the island...
Boy: Hi, ma'am. Hi, ma'am.
Hello, sir. Hello, sir.
Floyd, voice-over: but it
didn't take long to see
Kane's dark side.
Kane: Take that, Nihla.
Boy: Sir, sir, 100
pesos for parking.
Kane: No, man. I come
here all the time.
I know it's free.
We want to go
straight down there.
It's a bit of a walk, but
it should be worth it.
Boy: No. 100 pesos. New rule.
Kane: Hey! Listen. I
just fucking told you no!
I realize you're just trying
to fucking hustle some money,
but you're not gonna
be getting it from me,
so fuck off!
- 50 then, sir.
- Oh, my God!
Would you fucking listen to me?
I just told you to fuck off!
What the fuck is wrong with you?
I'm sorry, man. Fucking locals
wind me the fuck up.
Rule number one here...
Don't get hustled by
the fucking locals.
Come on. Anyway, it's
just up here, though.
Come on.
Floyd, voice-over:
I read a quote once
that said, "You can
easily judge the character
"of a man by how he treats those
who can do nothing for him."
Here you go.
Floyd, voice-over: I
don't know who wrote it,
but it wasn't Kane.
Kane: So tell me
something, Floyd.
You're a military man, right?
Because I can sense
some training there.
Floyd: That was a lifetime
ago. How'd you know?
Kane: Eh, you're
giving me all these
"No brother left
behind" kind of vibes.
All-American hero vibes.
You're giving me
only child vibes.
Ha ha ha!
No, no, no, no, no.
I'm the youngest of 4 brothers.
Trust me, mate.
I had to fight everything I had.
Floyd: You mean, like
that kid you pummeled
back there?
Kane: You know,
sometimes, people only
understand one language... force.
That kid learned a
valuable lesson back there,
not to fuck with a
bigger dog than you.
He'll be all right.
Kindness isn't weakness.
Heh. Maybe, but it depends on
who you're dealing with, mate.
Floyd: You're right.
Sometimes, people need
to be put in their place.
Kane: Eh, watch these
planks. They're a little old.
Floyd: This is crazy. Heh.
Zena: Oh, my God.
Kane: Ha ha ha! Am I right?
Zena: Ohh!
Ohh!
This is amazing!
Floyd: Wow!
Kane: Look at that!
You see this, babe?
Can we cancel our
return trip home?
Kane: Ha ha ha!
I know it was a bit of a trek,
but isn't hat 100% worth it?
What do you think, Floyd?
Just like you see in the movies.
Nah. It's better.
And you know the only thing
better than looking at it
is diving right in.
Come on, mate. Let's go!
Uh-uh. What is he talking about?
Going for a swim.
A swim?
Mackeehan: ♪ Ooh,
ooh, ooh, ooh ♪
♪ Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh ♪
♪ The good vibes just begun ♪
♪ Don't want to stop,
don't want to stop ♪
♪ Till the evening's done ♪
♪ And when they
think we're done ♪
♪ We'll never stop,
we'll never stop ♪
♪ Till the morning sun ♪
♪ And even if it's
only for a minute ♪
♪ We party like
it's the whole day ♪
- ♪ Whole day ♪
- ♪ Party ♪
♪ Our lives depend upon it ♪
Kane: Whoo!
How about that,
Floyd, huh? Ha ha!
Floyd: Got it? Kane: Yeah.
[Floyd grunts]
They're amazing
creatures, Zena, you know.
You really should
have seen them.
Whenever I need to
talk to somebody,
I just come down here.
They're always happy to listen.
Zena: And I bet if
they could talk back
they'd tell you to leave
them the hell alone.
Kane: What's the matter?
You not a nature
person or something?
Eh, you know what?
I'm just not too keen
on buddying up with anything
that can swallow me whole.
Kane: Ha ha ha!
Fair enough.
Well, how about we
return the favor?
- Seafood anyone?
- I'm down.
Mackeehan: ♪ Don't want to
stop, don't want to stop ♪
♪ Till the evening's done ♪
Floyd: OK, OK. I
get it. I'm sold.
I understand why you
don't want to leave.
Kane: Heh heh heh.
I told you this place
is paradise, right?
Look at it. Look
at me sat here like
the king of the
hill. Heh heh heh.
I get to stroke my dick
whatever time I want.
To each his own.
Kane: What did you say you
did for a living, Floyd?
Construction.
When it's slow, I help my
friend out at his car shop.
Hmm. So a builder
and a mechanic.
I figure there's more to you,
but you're a modest
fella, so you're not
gonna say, are you,
Floyd? Ha ha ha!
Floyd: Well, I don't
have the padded accounts
like you do, but
we do all right.
What are you
talking about, mate?
A little goes a long way
here, like a very long way.
You and Zena move here, you
could live like royalty,
you know that?
Floyd: Well, tell me, Kane,
how do you make your money?
I could...
but then I'd have to kill you.
Ha ha ha!
Heh heh heh.
Zena: What are you
guys talking about?
Oh, hey. Uh, Kane
was just telling me
how lucky I was to
have you as my wife.
Zena: Mmm. Smart man.
I have an idea.
I think we should
hit the city tonight.
Floyd: No. Zena: No, no.
I'm way too tired for that.
This jetlag is
catching up with me,
and I... I need to
get my 10 hours.
Kane: I don't think
I sold this right.
Guys, you're here probably
for another week, right?
This is Friday
night in Cebu City.
I guarantee you there's
nothing else like it
in the whole world.
You need to check it out.
Come on. YOLO. You
only live once, right?
The kids say that,
right? Am I right?
Floyd: No. No, no. We're done.
Kane: Ahh. Floyd: No. Listen.
We appreciate the
hospitality, the boat.
Everything has been amazing.
We're just too tired.
Zena, I can't twist your arm?
Shoot. Heh heh. I had to try.
And you guys got to forgive me.
I sit here, and I'm... happy,
I'm having my cigar,
but Nihla doesn't
speak any English,
and then I finally
find two people
who not only speak the language
but I can actually
shoot the shit with?
I get a little excited,
I get carried away,
and I want to soak you
up for as long as I can,
and normally it's about
this time of night I realize
I hadn't spoken to
anybody all day.
Like, an entire day without
talking to anybody...
but I get it. I get it.
You're on your honeymoon...
Your... your anniversary,
I mean, you know?
You need to reconnect,
rekindle the romance.
You're young. Heh heh.
I get it. Don't you
worry about Kane.
Kane's OK. Look at him.
He's living his best life.
Ha ha ha!
Ain't nobody got to
worry about Kane.
Floyd, you should go.
- No.
- Make it a fellas' night.
- Uh. Are you sure?
- Don't worry about me
I will be fine.
Just take me to the hotel,
and I'll rest up for tomorrow.
Wait.
Is this... is this happening?
Floyd?
OK.
- Yes!
- One drink.
One quiet drink.
- Then I'm done.
- You have my word.
Floyd: I'll take Zena
back, and I'll freshen up.
Zena: And I'll gas
up the motorbikes.
Motorbikes?
Floyd, we're gonna
have some fun tonight
[Thunder]
Floyd, voice-over: I don't
know why I let him talk me
into going out.
I should have taken
the storm as a sign
and stayed my ass at the hotel.
Kane: Floyd, this
is a quiet drink.
Floyd, voice-over:
The bikini bar's
where everything changed.
Far from a quiet drink.
[Dance music playing]
Kane: Ha ha ha!
Ladies, go easy on him.
I've only got him on
loan for the night.
What are we drinking, Floyd?
Floyd: Feeling adventurous.
I'll try your, uh, Mestizo.
Kane: No, no, no. Here, boy,
here we drink champagne.
Oh. Champagne it is.
Kane: Champagne,
sweetheart, on my account.
Dancer: Want a dance?
No. I'm... I'm good.
Dancer: You don't
think I'm sexy?
Floyd: No. You're beautiful.
I'm here with my friend.
Give us a minute.
He's just easing
into it, all right?
Go on. Off you go,
sweetheart. Go on. Off you go.
- You're a wild boy.
- Ha ha ha!
Hey. Yeah, yeah.
Everything's OK.
Hey, Jinx!
Make sure that gets to
the people that need it.
Heh heh heh.
- Who was that?
- Oh, he runs the place,
but he comes over to the
house to play a bit of poker.
I lost, so I owe him some money.
- Ah.
- Ha ha ha!
What's up with you and security?
You can never be
too careful, Floyd.
No. I'm just trying to make
sure nobody's running up in here
looking for you,
and by you, I mean
me. Kane: Ha ha ha!
Come on. Surely a guy
with a gun doesn't
scare you people.
"You people"?
Americans.
Ha! Relax, Floyd. Please.
You're having a drink
with one of the most
respected men on the island,
and I'm trying to stay
humble when I do that,
but I can't! I am!
They fucking love me here!
You put this on my tab, OK?
Let's unwrap her.
Ahh.
- Ohh!
- Whoa! Ha ha ha!
- The good kind.
- The best.
- Cheers, mate.
- Cheers.
Floyd: So why us? I
mean, the hospitality,
you know, showing us around.
Because we're friends, right?
Heh heh heh!
Floyd, I remember
what it's like landing
on the island for
the first time.
It's electrifying,
but you need to know
the right people,
somebody to show you
around all the best places.
That's me. I'm
paying it forward
because you were the
one with the balls
to steal my fucking table!
I like that.
It reminds me of me
as a young man...
Ballsy, you know?
You're gonna be all right here.
In fact, I'm gonna
show you a great time.
This one's one of my favorites.
Flower, get your
sweet ass down here!
Floyd: Oh, no, no.
Kane: Yeah, yeah.
I told you I was gonna
show you a good time,
and I am.
Flower, sweetheart,
give my buddy Floyd a dance.
Hey. Do whatever he
wants, all right?
Show him a good time.
That's a good girl.
Go on, Floyd. Relax.
You're on holiday.
Look. She's not gonna bite you.
I didn't pay her
enough money bite you.
Ha ha ha! Ha ha ha!
[Dance music continues]
[Muffled dance music continues]
Y-you don't have to dance.
I'll dance for you,
sir, as Mr. Kane said.
How do you know his name?
Everyone knows his name. Heh.
Who is he really?
I can't say any more.
Just... just relax.
You don't have to
worry about that. Heh.
Floyd: Look. I...
I won't tell him.
I'm afraid Mr. Kane is
gonna get angry at me.
Why are you so scared of him?
Mr. Kane... he used to
come here many, many times.
That's where he met
Nihla, my cousin.
Nihla's your cousin?
She used to dance here?
Yes. A long time ago.
Top dancer, too.
He keeps Nihla away
from her family,
and every time she
tries to leave,
he threatens to kill her.
She's very afraid of him.
That's why she pretends
to not understand English.
She speaks English?
Yes. She used to teach me.
Sir, Nihla knows the
truth about Mr. Kane.
Just ask her yourself.
I'm not lying.
Oh, no. That's
too much. It's OK.
No. Take it. Help your family.
Kane: You get your
money's worth, Floyd?
[Floyd sighs]
- I've had better.
- Ah.
[Indistinct chatter]
Ha ha ha!
Good night, right?
Oh, shit! I'm sorry.
I know it's late.
Am I gonna get you in trouble?
No, no, no. I'll be all right.
- Sure?
- Yeah.
Listen. Blame it on me.
I was gonna do that anyway.
Ha ha ha!
You're all right,
Floyd. You're all right.
Listen.
That stripper... I don't know
what she said to you, man.
I don't mean to get awkward,
but these girls, you know,
they don't know what the fuck
they're talking about sometimes.
They're coked up half the
time they're here at work.
Always. It's just
kind of their job,
but it does mean that
they talk a lot of shit.
Floyd: Mmm. No, no, no.
She was just giving me
some recommendations on
some local street food.
- Really?
- Yeah.
What did I say about
the street food?
- It was shit.
- Shit!
- Yes.
- That's right, mate.
Take my word over
some stripper's.
Ah. Look. Why don't
you take a cab home?
You'll be home for
the missus quicker.
Yeah? A little less
pissed off at you.
- You sure?
- Yeah.
Me and Jinx will
take the bikes back
tomorrow morning, you know?
I'm gonna hang out
here for a bit more.
Fancy one more dance, you know?
- OK.
- And listen.
Thanks for hanging out, Floyd.
It means a lot.
I hope you and the
missus had fun today.
- It was great.
- Yeah.
Get home safe.
Fantasy Lodge, please.
[Flower whimpering]
[Flower moans]
Hey! What are you doing?
It's none of your business.
Roughing up a girl like
that. What's your problem?
Jinx: I don't care.
No one's stopping you.
Get back in the cab.
I will, but I'm
taking her with me.
- Let's go.
- Don't make this
bigger problem than
it needs to be.
Unh!
Ohh!
Jinx: I tried to warn you.
[Both grunting]
- Come on. Let's go.
- What did you do?
What do you mean? He
could have hurt you.
He still will.
Come on. I'll get you home.
No. I can't!
If you're gonna help
someone, help Nihla.
Leave me alone.
[Jinx groaning]
[Thunder]
To warn you.
Really?
Floyd: Unh!
Babe.
Zena: Look who decided
to get out of bed.
Floyd: Thanks for letting
me know you were leaving.
Zena: You were
sleeping so peacefully,
I didn't want to wake you.
Floyd: Somebody's feeling good.
Zena: Well, I got
my full 10 hours...
Floyd: Hmm. Zena: my
skin is popping...
- Yep.
- Got my food and my drink.
What else does a girl need?
- Me.
- Mmm. I do.
How was your night?
What happened?
Got into a fight.
- A fight?
- Mm-hmm.
Floyd, what the hell happened?
Last night, Kane took
me to a strip club.
A strip club?
There was a girl there,
who gave me a lap dance,
but we talked, and
she basically said
Nihla was being held
against her will
and that she knew
how to speak English.
- What?!
- Yeah.
Kane caught wind of it
and had her beat up.
I had to defend her,
and Kane's bodyguard
kicked me in my face.
Oh, my God.
Aw. Are you OK?
Yeah. I'll be fine.
When I see Kane, I'm
whupping his ass.
Floyd: Ha ha ha!
Playing with you.
No. Babe, we came here
to enjoy ourselves,
have a good time,
no more fights.
Says the guy with
the busted eye.
Don't worry. I'll
take care of you.
- Oh, yeah?
- Mm-hmm.
Ahh. My shoulder hurts, too.
- Really?
- And my back. Yeah.
Oh, what else?
Everywhere really.
- He got me pretty good.
- He did?
-Mm-hmm -Aw.
Well, I got you.
- Yeah?
- Mm-hmm.
Mmm.
[Thunder]
Zena: Tell me about this little
dance you had last night.
Did you enjoy it?
Floyd: Thank you.
Zena: Thank you.
- Huh?
- Did you enjoy it?
You heard me.
- No, I did not.
- Really?
- Nope.
- Look me in my face
and tell me you didn't enjoy it.
- With my glasses on?
- Mm-hmm.
I can see your eyes.
You know you're the
only one for me.
Come on now.
- You're so full of it.
- Heh.
Wait. Excuse me.
Turn that up, please.
News anchor: The young
woman has been identified
as Connie Abo, know
to friends as Flower,
19 years of age,
found this morning strangled
on the side of the road
near the city square.
Oh, shit.
News anchor: Authorities
are investigating...
Zena: What? Floyd: It's her.
- The dancer?
- Yes. That's her.
Are you sure?
Babe, I just saw
her a few hours ago.
That's her. That's
definitely her.
- She's been killed.
- What?!
News anchor: Anyone
in the public
with information
about the crime...
Oh, my God.
Babe, you got to
go to the police.
You got to tell
them what happened.
[Cell phone vibrating]
[Beep]
What?
I know!
Well, find the family,
round them all up,
and offer them a fucking
bunchload of money
up to a certain point.
What do you mean
"and then what?"
And then fucking get rid
of them if they say no.
What the fuck am
I paying you for?
Just get it done!
[Beep]
Hey!
Your fucking cousin's dead!
Fuck's sake.
[Beeping]
[Spits]
♪ "Britons" ♪
Floyd, voice-over: When
we heard what happened,
we knew we had to
report it right away.
I wish I could have
done more to help,
but... she didn't want to leave,
and I couldn't force her.
Kane is a heartless
son of a bitch.
I didn't expect for
him to kill her.
Kane: ♪ "Ever shall" ♪
Chief, voice-over: Do you
have a last name for Kane?
[Sighs]
No.
A description?
5'9", full beard.
British.
That should narrow it down.
The restaurant.
What restaurant?
The yacht club. He has
a reserved table there.
If you go there, I'm
sure you can find him.
OK. We'll check that out.
We appreciate you coming
forward... Floyd and...
Zena.
Floyd: Look. We're just
trying to do the right thing.
Of course.
Floyd: She said Nihla
knows the truth about Kane.
Zena: What does that mean?
Floyd: I don't know.
Maybe we should ask her.
Zena: Floyd, no. Look
now. The chief said
that he will handle it.
Let him handle it.
This is just not how
I expected to spend
our anniversary.
Zena, a girl died because of me.
Now I owe it to her to
see this thing through.
I promise you tomorrow
we're on a boat,
island hopping, finishing
our vacation in style.
- OK?
- OK.
So what's the plan?
Kane: She was all up, trying
to get into my business,
and I...
Floyd.
And Zena. What a
wonderful surprise.
I didn't think
we'd see you here.
Floyd: Yeah. We were
just passing by,
saw you sitting here,
figured we'd say hi.
Feel free to take a seat.
Hi, Nihla.
Kane: So how are
you two lovebirds
finding the island?
- Couldn't be better.
- Good.
And you, Floyd? Get
home OK last night?
Barely.
That's a nasty,
little bruise you got.
Put something on that.
Floyd: It's just a scratch.
I can barely feel it,
but you should
see the other guy.
Piss of, Jinx.
Zena, is it possible that
you are more beautiful today
than you were yesterday?
Floyd: I told her
already this morning.
- You beat me to it?
- You're a little late.
Kane: Well, you're a better
man than I am, Floyd.
Heh heh heh.
Kane: Oh! Zena:
Oh. I am so sorry.
Kane: It's fine, it's
fine. Zena, it's fine.
Floyd: That might stain.
Kane: No, no, no. Honestly,
she doesn't need any help.
I can just get this out
in the bathroom. Come on.
Aren't you forgetting something?
Be quick.
Women.
Sorry about that.
She can be a little
clumsy sometimes.
You know, she didn't strike
me as the clumsy type.
Oh, I am so sorry.
[Quietly] Psst.
Nihla, now look now.
We came here to
help you, all right?
I know you speak English.
If you want our help,
you have to tell me now.
Talk to me now. Now
are you in danger?
You know, we should talk about
what happened last night.
What happened last night?
Between you and the girl.
Look, Floyd. I asked my man to
go and have a word with her.
He says, "OK," but then
he went a bit too rough.
That's the problem
with these guys.
They say they understand,
and they don't.
I can't be held responsible
for another man's actions.
She was just a girl, Kane.
Floyd, I know.
I rung the family
myself this morning.
I feel terrible.
Zena: We're leaving
in a couple of days.
Now if you want our help,
you're have to tell me now.
If you want me to get a
message to your family...
- No, no.
- If you me to tell
your family...
No. You don't know who
you're dealing with.
Well, tell me.
- He's dangerous.
- How?
Kane's real name
is Bobby Cooper.
He's a fugitive from England.
Police might want to have
a word with you about it.
They already did.
Me and the chief go way back.
We play golf every
Sunday, Floyd.
Matter of fact, I think they
want another word with you.
Weren't you the last
person to see her alive?
What did he do?
He killed 3 people
in a bank heist
7 years ago and
flew here to Cebu.
He uses his fortune
for influence.
Money goes a long way here.
What are you playing at, Floyd?
It's a very dangerous
game you're starting,
and before you start it,
you should probably think
about who you're
playing against.
Ha! I mean, me and you are two
lucky son of a bitches, Floyd.
Look at us, sat here in paradise
with beautiful women beside us.
I mean, just imagine
if something happened
to one of those beautiful women.
Let me tell you
something about me,
about how I run my
life, my... my business.
I value one
commodity... loyalty.
If I welcome somebody
in with open arms,
if I treat them
well, if I'm kind,
then you know what I
expect back, Floyd?
Open honesty between us.
Now have I given you
any reason whatsoever
to think that that
doesn't apply to you?
No, you haven't.
Good. Because I was
worried that you and I
didn't understand each other.
Please. I really have to go.
Mmm. All cleaned up?
Hey, Floyd. You think we can
head back to the room for a bit?
I'm not feeling well.
Aw, but you just got here.
Let me at least buy you a drink.
Floyd: No. No more
Mestizos for us,
but thinks for the hospitality.
Kane: Anytime, Floyd.
Floyd, be careful out there.
Because this place
is paradise...
until it's not.
Floyd: 15 minutes, please.
Man: What? Floyd: 15 minutes.
Man: 30.
15.
Floyd: "Bobby...
"Cooper...
London, England."
There's nothing here.
Are you sure she
said Bobby Cooper?
Zena: Yeah, definitely
Bobby Cooper.
Floyd: There is nothing
here except the guy
who won the hot
dog eating contest
in Coney Island last year.
Wait. Bobby's short for what?
Robert.
"Robert"...
[Typing]
"England."
- Shit.
- Is that him?
It's definitely him.
Zena: Wanted for 3 murders,
including a child?
Click on that link.
We have to do it, Floyd,
not only because of the money,
but it's the right thing to do.
I don't know, Zena.
This is getting out of hand.
You wanted to help Nihla.
This is the only
way we can do it.
We can't trust the police here.
Well, there's a
e-mail on the screen.
We can send a message
to the British MI6,
and our work is done.
[Typing]
Man: OK. Zena: What the hell?
Power's off. Cafe's closed.
Everybody out now.
Everybody out.
Now. Out.
Must be rain.
You two, out now.
Out.
[Line ringing]
Floyd: Don't look.
Two guys at our 6.
On the count of 3,
we're gonna switch
aisles and run.
Count 4 booths and switch again.
1, 2, 3.
This way. Go, go, go!
Come on.
Excuse me, sir.
Watch out, watch
out. Excuse me!
Come on, come on, come on!
Right here, right here.
Let's go, let's go!
Left. Come on.
We're losing them.
Right here. Right here.
OK.
OK. Right here.
Hey. Hmm?
[Quietly] Thank you.
Babe, did you leave
the door open?
Zena: No. Floyd: Are you sure?
Zena: I'm positive.
- Oh.
- Are you fucking kidding me?
What the fuck... Did
you check the safe?
[Sighs]
Floyd: There's
nothing in the safe.
Babe!
Zena: Our stuff is gone!
Oh, my God, oh, my God. OK.
- Where'd you put the passports?
- The passports. I put them...
Where'd you put the passports?
I put them right here.
I'm put them right here.
Right here.
- Oh, my God!
- Babe, calm down.
- Calm down, OK?
- What do you mean calm down?
We'll get our
passports back, OK?
Zena: What do you... how
are we gonna get home?
Floyd: We'll get home.
I will get us home.
I will make sure we
get home, OK? Promise.
How'd they even find
out where we were?
Floyd: I don't know.
- The chief.
- The cop?
Yes, yes, OK. Thank you.
Floyd: What'd they say?
They said we got to go
to the U.S. Embassy,
fill out a application.
They'll issue us an
emergency passport.
OK. All right. How long?
- 72 hours.
- 3 days?
[Floyd sighs]
We can't wait 3 days.
We're not safe here.
Babe...
I just want to go home.
OK. All right.
Let's pack our shit,
jump in a cab, and
head to the embassy.
We'll figure it
out from there, OK?
OK.
Woman: Sir, is everything OK?
Floyd: We're checking out.
Zena: Keep the fucking deposit.
U.S. Consulate, please.
Cebu City, IT Park.
We going the right way?
I hope so.
Hey. Uh, we're actually
headed away from the city.
Which way you going?
This is a shortcut.
Um, no, no, no. We can...
You can just pull
over right here.
We'll... we'll jump out.
Hey. Did you hear me?
Zena: Sir, can you stop the car?
Floyd: My man.
Sir, can you pull over the car?
Floyd: The fucking
door's locked.
Zena: Sir, unlock the door.
Floyd: Hey! Unlock the door!
Hey! Stop the car!
Zena: Hey, man. Stop the car!
Open the door! Open
the fucking door!
- Hey! Open the door!
- Open the door!
Please don't shoot.
You can have whatever you want.
Please, please don't shoot.
[Both grunting]
Get out the car!
Zena, get out the car!
Floyd! Floyd!
Aah! Aah!
Floyd: Zena! Zena: Aah!
Floyd: Unh! Ooh!
[Gunshot]
Driver: Unh!
[Both grunting]
[Horn honks]
[Driver groaning]
Driver: Ohh! Ohh! Ohh!
Floyd: Err! Driver: Ooh, ooh!
[Floyd grunting]
[Driver gagging]
Ohh! Ohh! Ohh!
[Floyd grunting]
[Floyd panting]
[Driver wheezes]
[Exhales]
Shit, shit.
Zena!
[Panting]
Noooo!
[Cell phone vibrating]
OK.
[Vibrating continues]
[Grunting]
[Beep]
Kane: Is it done?
Kane?
Floyd. Heh.
I am... so surprised
to hear your voice.
Listen to me, Kane.
I don't know what you want,
but if you hurt Zena...
Kane: Floyd, please.
I'm a gentleman.
I... I'm not a monster.
I'm not gonna hurt Zena.
I mean, I do have to
fucking slit her throat
but only after I
get the information
on exactly who you two have
been talking to about me.
We didn't tell anybody
about you, man.
We didn't talk to anybody.
All we want to do is go home.
Oh, mate. I'm afraid that
time has been and gone,
and after everything
I did for you.
Heh. We were friends,
Floyd, and you turned on me.
You get that, right?
I mean, I genuinely
liked you both.
Such a shame.
Kane, let her go.
You'll never get
away with this, man.
Floyd... you know
who I really am,
so you know I've gotten
away with much, much worse.
Kane! Kane!
[Beep]
Fuck!
[Car starts]
I didn't catch your
name last time.
Heh. You're, uh, Kane's friend.
What can I do for you?
Aw. Come on. Hey, hey,
hey, hey. Relax. Come on.
Floyd: You know that
Kane has my wife?
Man: Let's just talk
about this, huh?
Floyd: Put the
fucking stick down!
All right. All right,
all right, all right.
Floyd: Put your gun
down. Right there.
Put it on the table!
Man: Just be cool.
Just be cool, mate, OK?
There you go.
Let's... let's... let's be,
uh, diplomatic, all right?
Let's talk about this.
What do you want?
What do you want, huh?
Just calm... calm down, huh?
[Exhales]
Fuck.
Floyd: I don't have time
to play games with you.
Man: Hey, man.
What are you doing?
Floyd: I'm gonna ask
you one question, OK?
Man: OK. Uh-huh.
Floyd: Where does he live?
Man: I don't know.
Ohh! What the fuck
is wrong with you?!
My fucking hand! Get the...
Come on. Hey, hey,
hey, hey, relax.
Hey. Come on,
come on, come on.
Last fucking chance.
Where does he live?
[Gasps]
Shh, shh, shh, shh.
[Whispering] Where is she?
[Whispering] Who?
You know who.
Zena. Where is she?
Nihla: I don't know.
Nihla, don't lie to
me. Where is she?
Look. I'm so sorry. I
can't help you, Floyd.
What is wrong with you?
This man threatens you,
he threatens your family,
he kills your cousin,
and you just want
to protect him?
I am not protecting
him. I'm trying to save
your life here, Floyd.
Save Zena's. She's
the one who needs it.
She tried to help you.
[Doorbell rings]
Shh.
[Snorting]
Chief: Where is he?
You want to tell me what
the hell is going on?
[Sighs]
What are you talking about?
I've been getting reports
that you're turning my island
into a warzone.
Heh heh. Relax,
Chief. Not even close.
We're working on
bringing them in.
I'm afraid that time
has been and gone.
You had your chance. Sorry.
- They're dead?
- Soon.
I've got the girl,
but he is still out
there somewhere,
being a pain in my fucking ass.
Did you run the name?
Chief: Yes.
He's black ops.
He's done 3 tours
of duty in Iraq.
He's an expert in
firearms, martial art...
All right, all right, all right!
I get it. Bad fucking
idea to kidnap his wife.
You're pushing the limit, Kane,
but I'm not going to
be able to continue
to clean up after your shit!
That's so funny because
to me you look like
the chief of police.
You look like somebody
on my payroll.
Here. Here's what I owe you,
and here's double
your fucking pay
to do exactly what I say
and not ask me stupid
fucking questions.
Chief: You have to
slow down, Kane.
I can only do so much.
A Band-Aid here or there,
but if this gets to the mayor
or someone higher...
Well, don't let it
get that fucking far!
What the fuck is wrong with you?
I'm sorry. I'm
sorry. I'm under...
a lot of pressure at work.
Don't let it get that
far. Come on. Please.
What do you plan to
do with the girl?
I need to keep
her alive for now.
I'm gonna use her as bait.
I'm gonna lure him in.
Doesn't matter what his CV says.
He's in love with her,
so I'm gonna reel
him in like a fish.
He must not be allowed
to leave this island.
That would be very bad
for the both of us.
He's not going anywhere
as long as she's alive
and with me.
He'll come for her,
and when he does...
we'll take care of both
of them at the same time.
[Door opens]
[Cracking]
Chief: You're a heartless
son of a bitch, Kane.
Kane: So what does
that make you?
[Loud thumping]
Nihla?
Fucking hell.
Go on. Fuck off.
You got your money.
Chief: You'll forgive
me if I count it first.
Fine. Count it. Then
take it and fuck off.
Floyd: Don't move.
Man: Ooh, ooh, ooh.
Floyd: Drop it. Easy.
Agh!
[Thudding]
[Both grunting]
[Gunshot]
Stay here.
Man: Ooh!
This is your last chance, Nihla.
You got to make a decision now.
Nihla: There's only one place
he might hold her hostage.
Where?
Jinx!
Jinx, what the fuck happened?
Where the fuck is Nihla?
Floyd.
Floyd? What kind of a wanker
takes another man's wife?
Get up. Get up. Get up!
Get up. Get to the
fucking marina.
OK, Floyd.
- Was that your guy?
- Fuck off.
You're fucking losing it, Kane.
Kane: You got your
money, so get out.
Get out!
Nihla: There. Make a right.
- Here?
- Yeah.
Nihla: Our village
is just right here.
OK. Wait here.
[Speaking Cebuano]
My uncle is very generous.
He said that he and his kids
can live with my cousin Ramon
and you can use his
home as long as we need.
- He doesn't have to do that.
- He is family.
He wants to do it.
Floyd: Where does Ramon live?
Nihla: Just right
there. Right next door.
And he wants to cook for you.
I don't want to intrude.
Nihla: No. He insists
for helping me.
OK.
Man: You remember
when you went onstage?
You laughed so hard
you peed yourself.
Right? Remember, guys?
You... you were cute then.
Kid: Hey, Mr. Floyd.
What's up?
Floyd: This is your cousin?
Nihla: Yeah. Felix.
Do you know him?
Felix: Where's your
wife? Is it, um...
Floyd: Zena. Felix: Yes. Zena.
How is she?
She's been kidnapped.
- What?
- It's true.
And Flower... she's dead.
I'm sorry.
He won't get away with this...
but I need your help.
Nihla says you have a boat.
We have many boats,
and, yes, we can help.
Thank you.
Man: He will come
here looking for Nihla
with many men.
Look, Floyd. I don't think
you can fight all of them.
They will arrest my family,
and they will kill you.
Man: It's better if
you're not there.
If Kane sends his men here,
then there'll be less men
guarding him in his yacht.
Man: Better chance for
you to rescue your wife.
No. No. I can't leave
you all in danger.
Man: Kane has harassed
our family long enough.
It is time for us to fight back,
and if they arrest us,
that is better than
letting him win, right?
Right?
[Indistinct chatter]
Hss! Ahh.
Sorry. You'll survive.
Won't be the first time.
You've been shot before?
In combat.
It's very brave of you
to stay with Kane to
protect your family.
I had no choice.
He is a vicious man.
He will kill anyone that will
look at him for too long,
but he wouldn't harm me.
How can you be so sure?
He's obsessed with me.
Everyone has a
weakness, and I am his,
same as Zena is yours.
Thank you.
Good night and good luck, Floyd.
[Exhales]
[Rooster crowing]
[Speaking Cebuano]
Who?
Fuck you.
Let me go!
Off me! Off!
It's time.
Nihla: Let go.
Chief: Where is he?
He's not here.
Harboring a fugitive.
That's a serious offense.
How ironic coming from you.
Very well. I'm going to
arrest your whole family.
We know. We're ready.
Man: I hope you have
enough room for all of us.
Take them away.
Nihla: You have to
arrest all of us!
Let this be a lesson to you all!
This is what happens when
you disobey the police.
Floyd: How they holding up?
Felix: They're being detained.
Kane should have less muscle.
It's on us now.
Felix: You know what?
If this all works out, I
only have one small request.
Floyd: What's that?
My basketball tournament
is coming up later today.
Floyd: Felix, in high school,
I was on the basketball team.
I didn't get much playing
time because the coach
had his favorites,
but in the championship
game, I got my shot.
10 seconds left,
I got a open lane.
I'm driving to the basket,
I go for the layup...
And you made the shot!
You won the championship!
I air balled, missed
the entire basket.
The entire basket?
Oh.
I say all that to say
you might not want
me on your team.
It's OK, Mr. Floyd.
You miss 100% of the
shots you don't take.
I guess you're right.
So you'll play with us?
Let's focus on one
thing at a time.
OK. I'll ask you again later.
This way.
[Flicks lighter]
Is he dead?
Not yet. Soon, but not yet.
You know he's coming
to kill you, right?
Ha ha ha! Ha ha ha!
Of course he is.
I hope so! That's the plan.
Oh, Zena.
You don't get it, do you, Zena?
Whilst he's being the
true blue American hero,
really he's just rushing
his way to his watery grave.
[Toilet flushes]
Kane: I have to kill him.
I don't have a choice.
But you... I don't
have to kill you.
Maybe we could make a deal.
So what could you
do for me, hmm?
Jinx: Unh!
[Grunting]
[Groaning]
Remember the last one you
said meant nothing to me?
Well, this one means
everything to me.
Jinx: Unh!
Ohh!
[Clang]
Floyd!
I treated you like
a friend, Floyd,
and you betrayed me!
Floyd.
Floyd: Aah!
Kane: Ha ha ha!
[Gunshots]
Floyd: All we wanted
to do was leave.
Bullshit, Floyd!
You ratted me out to the police
the first chance you got!
Put the knife down.
Now why would I do that?
[Floyd and Kane grunting]
[Engine starts]
Not too bad for an old man, huh?
Still teach you a thing
or two, huh, Floyd?
Only one of us is
getting off this boat.
Is that right?
[Man shouting]
[Both grunting]
[Bone cracks]
Ohh! Unh! Unh!
Unh! Unh!
[Gagging]
Are we still friends, Kane? Hmm?
Zena: Floyd!
Somebody, help!
Floyd! Help!
[Floyd coughing]
[Helicopter flying]
Floyd: Phew.
Are those Kane's people?
Zena: I don't think so.
We may have mistakenly
passed the military mark
a little while back.
Heh.
Smart lady.
Zena: Baby, can we go home?
[Speaking Cebuano]
Man: Floyd Williams
of Los Angeles,
you have caused
quite a commotion
on this peaceful island.
Your dangerously violent
and reckless disrespect
for the citizens
here is gonna make it
almost impossible
for me to defend you.
Zena: Did they tell you
Kane and his dirty-ass cops
tried to kill us?
Floyd: Zena.
Oh yeah. There... there will
be a complete investigation
of Mr. Kane.
They have yet to find the body.
What?
Perhaps a shark will
beat them to it. Heh heh.
You know, I'm... I'm
not usually involved
in criminal matters.
That's the job of the
Filipino Justice Department,
but because you're Americans,
I felt I needed to step in.
Seems Mr. Kane was
involved in a series
of bank robberies in London,
and he definitely is
responsible for drug trafficking
right here in this country.
Strictly off the record,
you should be proud of yourself.
On behalf of the
American government,
thank you.
I would like to extend to
you and your beautiful wife
an invitation to tour
this fantastic island,
maybe a trip to Kawasan Falls
or perhaps a little
scuba diving.
We could arrange
it all right here.
Floyd: No. Uh, we're good.
-We... we... we just -We
just want to go home.
Ambassador: Understood.
I understand your
passports were taken.
We will issue
emergency clearance,
and you'll be able to board
the first flight out of here.
Thank you, sir.
When do you want to
come back to visit?
- Ha ha ha!
Oh, boy.
MorMor: ♪ Each night, I wonder ♪
Floyd: Shit. I almost forgot.
What?
I made a promise to someone
in exchange for their help.
Who?
Can you turn around, please?
Zena: Floyd, what the hell
are you talking about?
Floyd: Somewhere we got to be.
Don't play with me.
MorMor: ♪ Close your
eyes and see it through ♪
♪ Chaos comes and
collects the youth ♪
♪ I can feel the cold air ♪
♪ When the night comes ♪
♪ Heaven's only wishful ♪
♪ I can feel the cold air ♪
♪ When the night comes ♪
♪ Heaven's only wishful ♪
Floyd: Heh heh heh.
MorMor: ♪ Someone said ♪
♪ Each night... ♪
Sorry we're late.
Traffic here is worse than L.A.
Felix: You come
play with my team?
If you take it easy on me.
I might have some
trunks in the car,
but I... I might not
have the right shoes.
Felix: I get you
extra pair of shoes.
What size?
11.
[Speaking Cebuano]
Hmm.
Don't break your other arm.
Somebody got to
take the luggage.
Felix: OK. Here's the plan.
Whoever gets the ball
up, pass to Floyd.
- That's the plan?
- That's the plan,
so let's go win this!
1, 2, 3, win!
Floyd: Let's go, guys. Let's go.
Shoot it, shoot it, shoot it.
Shoot it.
OK.
Shoot it, shoot it!
MorMor: ♪ No one
heard you coming ♪
[Cheering]
Whoo!
MorMor: ♪ I watched
the ashes blow away ♪
Floyd: You got it, you got it.
Whoa.
Come on, guys.
MorMor: ♪ With the lights
out, it's less dangerous ♪
Floyd: Get on him, get on
him. I got him, I got him.
MorMor: ♪ Kissed
the lips of fate ♪
♪ The less we know ♪
♪ The less it drains us ♪
Floyd: Pass it back out.
Shoot it, shoot, shoot it.
MorMor: ♪ Close your eyes ♪
♪ And see it through ♪
Floyd: Hey, hey, hey!
Yeah! Here we go! Yeah!
Yeah! Let's go! Let's go!
MorMor: ♪ I can
feel the cold air ♪
♪ When the night comes ♪
♪ Heaven's only wishful ♪
♪ I can feel the cold air ♪
♪ When the night comes ♪
♪ Heaven's only wishful ♪
♪ Someone said
you're the reason ♪
♪ Some say ♪
♪ You're the reason I... I ♪
♪ Feel this way ♪
♪ And some say ♪
♪ You're the reason,
you're the reason ♪
♪ You're the reason, some say ♪
♪ You're the reason I... I ♪
♪ Feel this way ♪
♪ And some say ♪
♪ You're the reason,
you're the reason ♪
♪ You're the reason ♪